for some more ninjas husky I like ninjas
do you like ninjas and knock off Legos
yes I do
ninja 7 sorry yeah Lao lai lai lalala
well it's the a nindroid drone no no
that's kind of weird sounding so it's
supposed to be a ninja cosa barbarian
whirlwind from Lego it's the booster
pack 2 comes with extra knives extra
weapons from here lose yours
that's just how to put together I think
we can do that yeah I think was friends
you know many names they're just kind of
colors and weapons all right well let's
ninja 7 masters of Spinjitzu alright
let's open this thing
it's jalopy alright alright I'm putting
together all right
all right so we got a belt lele block
the low block like he's got a sword
stand and he's even got a backpack for
his uh weapons on back yeah it's got a
not Lego connector yeah the low block D
it's the low block because you know
click click the mall building blocks
series yeah we also got some cars
got some cars because that's definitely
not
what's the Lego on with ninja go ninja
go
you guys gotta watch out for separately
not their design for their power good
guys
spot of 300 and fire and lightning power
yeah crappy spot power Raven you got
better more about yeah he's full is uh
star power is full oh it's fire
lightning mountains and snow activity
Asterix we have the ability to type
asterisks are off the scale
good yeah that's uh better Legos pretty
much yeah keep Legos go China is a talk